hey we're going to teach you how to lace
up a corset back because people
constantly ask us how do I lace up this
dress we're going to show you all right
Nikolay take it away okay so with the
corset dress at least on Maggie Sottero
they almost always come with this little
clear snap the likelihood is that when
you tighten it that's gonna get on snap
but for to right now it's just to hold
it on you always start with the very top
loop the top set of loops anyway and you
always want to pull your strings towards
you it looks neater
it's easier to tighten it's just a
better way to do it you want to make
sure that your strings are approximately
the same length because otherwise if you
run out of what at the bottom then you
won't be able to tighten the whole thing
whatever side you start on you always
want to start on the same side I am
right-handed so I always start on the
right side and you take each set of
loops individually so you do the right
side and try to make sure that it's flat
as you go so you're feeding in from
underneath yes so you want to always
pull the string towards you so you want
to go in and pull towards you and then
you do the right side again obviously so
you do right side and again untwist it
as you go and it's usually easier to
lace the entire dress up and then
tighten it rather than trying to tighten
it halfway through otherwise it doesn't
doesn't hold as well as that should so
you do every other one instead of trying
to do one going all the way down and
then the other all the way down yes you
do each set of loops at a time so rather
than taking the right string and feeding
it all the way down
you do one set at a time so you're going
to do the right side and then the left
side and then the right side on the left
side and the reason you do that is
because you get this really beautiful
herringbone pattern where the first side
is always underneath and the second side
is always on top so it looks like this
instead of being conjoined in all kinds
of funky waves and
does look really smooth it's really
pretty this will be fun to edit later
Claire looks good in all the dresses
I
my band is this Rascal Flatts
I think this Jasmine's favorite she was
saying just kind of country Backstreet
Boys
they're awfully instruments you're not a
band if you have quite a chance
okay so now tell me how you're doing the
very bottom part well first it depends
on on how thick your string is usually
with the thicker string a lot of times
you have to skip the bottom loop in
order to be able to pull it through if
you're using a thinner string like this
one you can go all the way to the bottom
because you don't have as much space
this has a tendency to take up a little
bit more space so down here at the
bottom before we actually finish this
off we're going to go through and
tighten the whole corset so it's on her
and it's going to stay you always start
with your top two and this is when you
can unsnap that if you need to and then
you pull towards you
so it's you stick your fingers from
underneath and you just pull it towards
you and you tighten all the way down
again keeping your laces flat and this
is where it's going to help having kept
them straight and flat at the beginning
and doing it neatly at the beginning
because that means that you don't have
to try and untwist them as you go so now
I notice on this dress that it comes
really close together is it going to
always look like that on everybody not
on everybody this is because through the
hip this dress is a little big on Miss
Claire while it fits her beautifully up
at the top she would probably if she
really likes the way that the corset
looks and wants it to look the same all
the way down she would probably have
this side seam taken in just a little
bit so that I opened the corset up and
you can see it all the way down so it
depends on your body it depends on the
dress it depends on the size that we got
and what we're fitting it for so and it
depends on how tight you want it some
people really want it liek to loop and
you can make it however tight as you
want some people want that corset to
show all the way through so it is
completely a personal preference on this
on this Claire it's a little a little
big on her little hips so finishing this
off I always prefer to do a single knot
right here at the bottom and what that
does is it keeps the rest of this corset
from pulling pulling apart so you've got
that finished off at the bottom and then
about half way down you do a little bow
is also a personal preference you could
just put a bow right here on the outside
and have that string hang down I usually
prefer to tuck it in so that it looks a
little bit neater it looks a little bit
cleaner and the the back looks a little
bit more finished so this keeps it from
going between your legs and trailing
along underneath your train as you're
walking and then to pull this through
you have to get there's there's multiple
layers to to every dress this is the top
layer of the charmeuse it's got a lining
of satin and then you have another
another couple layers under here you've
got crinoline which gives the dress a
little bit of shape and flump and then
you've got the actual lining between
your skin and the dress this is where
you have to get underneath and you want
to just feel up here beyond her little
bootie and then there's a space between
where the panel is and the actual corset
of the dress so you want to fish the
rest of the corset string through that
little hole and then pull it through and
she is all set to go tada and that is a
beautifully laced corset back thanks for
call absolutely